[Music]
one way to import files is through the
Integrations that you have connected to
Cutting Room to do this go to your
settings and click Integrations in the
left
sidebar click add new and from the
drop-down menu select your external
cloud storage or M system follow the
relevant instructions or complete the
relevant fields to connect your
integration when an integration is
shared others can access the files from
that integration in Cutting Room when it
is not shared only you can import files
to Cutting Room from that
[Music]
integration when you return to the
editing room click on the drop- down
menu by recent content there you will
find your connected integration once
selecting this integration click the
relevant folder to find the files you
want to import the cloud icon on a file
indicates that the file has not yet been
localized in your Cutting Room double
click to import a clip once the file has
been copied from the integration to
Cutting Room notice that the cloud icon
disappears you can also use the keyboard
shortcut and press enter to import
multiple files this means that the
content has been localized in your
Cutting Room if you return to recent
content in the drop- down menu the
content you have just copied from your
integration is visible with all other
content